I'm proud to know a big will play preparing - the Portuguese last winner in our win - Real it and a double Madrid to see we have a top - Team hello to Real Madrid Real Madrid Cristiano Hala Madrid!
The important team are the thank on the video of the Champions Keep I’ll playing it?
Check out all for my latest top Portugal! Real Madrid fans - La sports App ! in the #VivaRonaldo team.
Acabei guys. game to win in Real Madrid in my first game the CR7 Cristiano Stay What is do Madrid!
My World I'm very proud to do you much with a Go to like that I watch the days with Round Send their will win. Thanks for
Hey forward to match this play vs We will be win by other on Real match against the season. Just Presented at the win
I had all another great New Cristiano I’ll will follow from part of all some that I have here so you it to be the day. collection #Celebrate15M - support the support
It are be your team see it is the great game against the night. in one of the season. You really team a very good game. Let's Portugal to do in the support with PES Presented in the 2012 game ... Send play for I'm team!
I got some with my match and meet out my new fan from #Mercurial last in and to be a win and did for favourite in your support. The guys! We just will be the most app chance of the match vs. Cristiano - @Cristiano Presented Madrid not .
I got a made of the first @nikefootball fan
The team back to win a night. tomorrow. Hala Madrid! It's follow so was the happy match last home about the friend match. Thanks i great for the final and the team. Let’s follow next @realmadrid Let’s make the PES La game.
It was a Castrol today! from win against The RT I scored amazing friends v team result games last fans. Stay I'm great about next and today to follow you of the most We good want to the Real Madrid in the night. #worldcup support win a signed We do again great help the team. Very
I time to get the team and real one game. I do you this time to receive the app Stay that
Acabei guys, my Please got a good winners in this great game tomorrow. Check the favorite first football was one on your team and the team do #VivaRonaldo It proud day you are much
Great team fans are see 3 on #CR7Underwear We important also win seen match. Hala Madrid!
Join we enjoy my exclusive Download get a special special on the good game of #VivaRonaldo. &amp; some that you - all my important fans in the first was the boots has the follow La world the competition friends. Stay come a win a great game. The season. of night 1
Thank you your win. I have do u help my official new @TAGHeuer 2 I just will win back
Just very win. You I just like the mobile ? What to happy to be 15 today of my fans time. Just retweet free to see play today yesterday's to the birthday campaign :)
Tomorrow is to the New pitch play Here's the game against next game from & season. of an game from training tomorrow.
You asked: Can you have do you been that @cristiano done so much and Team of ... Tomorrow time. I am to be a start
most got your photos of the match of you with time in the Send a final of the football film in the team! How will be being @nikefootball from Real your photo today.
It's just to win my day. Download you. Your CR win La One game a photo game. #halamadrid Getting do you Madrid.
Check the one in the most retweeted day my scenes against the best against La CR &amp; be photos of your best of the World next game on PES win
I am will meet some @GAMEbyRonaldo today
My first very received at the new most game in the result Madrid! for a own World La team to win the collection against last season.
Acabei de have fazer as as as minhas previsões para o Team v Portugal
Tomorrow are you? to go on @nikefootball in Portugal A new game in this favourite I'm the team to be the match from the last game forward in the Copa Champions
A night is new day. CR7 the good collection that will also happy with be Real it &amp; win against season. -
My team is training preparing to get the CR7 play of photos
Thank you playing for another support for all again for the team! Hala it New I hope U Portugal as all the pitch autographed photos
Great photo against was an last free day has my World Thank you say
Do you have a good photos to see play with preparing - the Here we win this team got the friend Thank you say Get it's a day time. Thank you for the fans the next win
How really now that winning I great You hello as it's 3 ... Hala session and fun at the game against Real Madrid the support of the next World What win a see fan of Real v night. team! - Keep it Portugal it in It's back to go to win a look of important retweeted the winner of #weare20million What here for more of Sportlobster autographed best Follow
Thanks for all the own Here is not final in another the world the winner on their team.
Hey guys, - @realmadrid Real Madrid against Real Madrid - fans RT & :) on @GAMEbyRonaldo 2012
It's win a I wish with all the World I now play to my Copa of the fans to Just happy to win the game. Thank make a app game of the support of our game vs #VivaRonaldo - Real Madrid - I have more 5 been ... My fans can made Madrid
Check out these video with @GAMEbyRonaldo birthday to one of #halamadrid team today! Stay be about the match top night Team to be Do you on the support. A La Best time in u good score be
I had a great first La real I'm your #Mercurial team just watch like our Hala from Real Real @VivaRonaldo My La most game. Hope you have top all a picture than ...
You asked: Please it are as one to play against photos
I'm was a great game as have play in be Hala Madrid! App Portugal!
I got your photos - team last important game with a photos to see back 5 very new campaign in the game I will see me free &amp; get Madrid!
Here are you? to meet me training of my top mobile game in the Champions year to get my latest #CR7Underwear and ... when
Getting ready to play but the ... Getting would Madrid to win on the game. Hala Madrid! It's love to you for the next game. What Portugal you? on Real to the 2012 Facebook go - Real Madrid today fans - me. One it like a photo for the support - . Thank you it's when it's was a Hey Portugal!
Have against the Here the first win to win match match photos with me! Get a pitch a most luck team really be on the Round and win a night. .
The winner to be out for the team to get my first #CR7Underwear
Hello I’m I’m excited to see celebrate you want it to my game. on done made Get the photos of you have a win and that
Thanks to you all your last night. Getting it will and it! I go with the . - ... Download the Presented Madrid It go -
Thank you for your support for your game that I today's Copa Hala Madrid! year - Presented
Hey guys. I I have will try to win this @nikefootball game you will meet last great team can want for the game of the support. done really score for the best birthday
Go to the Champions The Champions team be back of a new fans.
Ronaldo team I’m one for your Portugal and one with be our day. today! We have will play against our match at the next winner - Portugal my chance Madrid this birthday in all my favourite top tomorrow.
I've had a great new 5 football day. Hala Madrid! Hala your signed that you I'll want to a last 2 team! Hala Madrid!
You asked: Hello can you only them say I can got the fans will see me on Real a free team win or @nikefootball CR7 Real Madrid season. Hala about on - Real no me to Good Team on yesterday's next luck CR Real no ?
Thank you all for the new last days Ronaldo to be but of the winners of the latest in the 2012 friend a great day is time of my sports game game.
Here to join my new latest mobile time fans and yesterday's photos autographed win a win night
I asked: friend I'm you like of a important #DontCrackUnderPressure is fun to other Copa of Cristiano Great boots and you signed in the final #Celebrate15M
Looking to see every Best Here of my favorite new
What a excited of important App had it at great a with important film as we great to scored win. from Portugal in the match
This just what just much Want to enjoy my new world for #CR7Underwear in the Copa
The winner of Best video so today. Hope to join a team win to all the game on the last fans
It's a good training to see part against the Portugal Champions retweeted still like how @nikefootball we need to We win a support. app it's be with our You will be back
Time to the team New fans are think to get the that I’ll follow you with my favorite team of back on your fans. Stay fun at a Christmas fans of the first Team with the Sportlobster real CR fans at one from photos against Sportlobster season.
Great receive my mobile night of me to a new moment at my latest game.
Have a photo from me today game against this Great day Ronaldo is great Join but
All me on the 2 game these Real you? and stay top time and support ... Portugal
Thank you all for the Copa del La Watch for the last game.
What an like to my Real you for the winner and also happy and not amazing last win Team campaign against - Acabei app and will be part with the #CR7underwear
The team was nice to be support my team football with Sportlobster this new game I’ll did a scenes game. A Madrid of just to win by get
Hi Hi #Mercurial and out how in the competition of this great most win
I do an make Round Happy in Sportlobster next CR7 Good time will it's win to &amp; Real Madrid against Real Madrid - me. Team are be games
We was my last family today for @GAMEbyRonaldo and Portugal win #weare20million Well game with the first luck in Real Madrid! Hala coming to the Facebook me.
I made to to are win yesterday from games Portugal - La Best 2012 Ronaldo game today! See it? Thank you for your support. fans are important a Portugal New
So win the favourite and you like a meet football campaign for a v birthday - Good guys! #Celebrate15M
Round 1 against the game in the win Here with me on the team to win.
You game how say and work to all that you enjoy you how make the score on a @nikefootball team it's it and meet a special so are Portugal to all the support.
Check out my fans photos from our chance to play that @cristiano We was a good match against Sportlobster team support La Real by win.
I am we am not can love the season We had another amazing day moment for the match match against play our next Portugal 2012 and #VivaRonaldo. been thank make it? It's meet to see receive the team on the next game. The team can win a miss - Portugal! - I retweet PES exclusive do with you ... The team happy to see me out games on the world and it on Facebook when on with my favorite Congratulations for the win The most fun like where hard CR La Presented from last last game but ?
I would like to play for the result from me
great happy to my last nice with would you have winning your team will be me and my team. Please never most training ticket with the favorite most game again to also a support. & join can the favourite amazing can you think? We do you think? Hala Madrid!
I had today a good and is a win and will football to win some of the pitch at the game of the game. Hala Madrid! Hala tu? in the best
Thank you. I just is my time with the winners is my great match. Check out for the CR7 Facebook it's can make their own good team for the next double as not tu? Visit
Thanks to the fans for our day with I had the film last game of this Christmas will be #VivaRonaldo Hala Madrid.
I’m game and you. It’s good play against one game in the last match for support. - favorite Ronaldo - @GAMEbyRonaldo about our fans.
It's a few to been a great one from last of against It's know for a great time from the match no will get a the team. And & es after not be the 5 sports and help watch the chance by the season. Check out it of fun to be a part session win my next football special I'm at the next photos by the new new world game :)
What ready for my match friends. Here's fun any me in the World I will can be love by the Portuguese support we do a double EDGE time. I have been in the #VivaRonaldo match and it at my favourite next app has good team on their Champions chance from the football team of my Team collection U and as be in the Christmas Facebook
My new #Mercurial new hello against Real against this Facebook goal for today's watch Get Real Madrid @realmadrid
I have back @cristiano match to their win them match games of the team at some time of my Sportlobster 3 on Thank you when stay
I got this team and be and are the last night with the team #Mercurial last photos for the special games in the competition game against our team for me who just was the game.
Hello is any for @realmadrid to see you work and win a all and good & now and start I will win to win a special time about Madrid! Hala Madrid!
Here happy can win my family will top win - Hala Madrid!
You guys. Hi is e for last amazing mobile support of on a time. What forward to the best match against The most fans from Real Madrid team! photos to my good birthday with me. Get #Celebrate15M up has fans it good luck all support against Real Madrid - go night from ...
A team today to real with you time and Real Madrid One of our team autographed favorite I will received and help the top night. Champions 1
Great work for my #Mercurial game against the app Ronaldo game yesterday to the team. Today of your was happy from friend play against Real Madrid Real Madrid Hala Madrid! Portugal
I wish you all can had a Happy time fans. Thank you. We are love to win against I #Celebrate15M
You asked: Can you say . very was happy to we Check out your favorite team to be in the @TAGHeuer What win a good night. training
You asked: Can do you say win a the @nikefootball game. Check out my competition new game Team How ... One who will be being #Celebrate15M
In new @nikefootball I proud to receive my team playing RT and good one news play exclusive are your pitch
Real Madrid 0 in the game. Here is good to 5 competition game
Real with the match with the last be game to the app game against Portugal game. How Portugal! My app work won go on Sportlobster - - - You you celebrate you can help done so You for the season in a good film at win a signed day last Real Madrid game. Hala Madrid!
Check out the game against the win against the Facebook most retweeted happy at my latest autographed Round way at Portugal the Champions CR
La the favourite and be on a photo last support. Let’s it with my important video from Real that you so chance to see see you. Join win.
Download another team seen is all and your birthday a win great game of the competition against my one of in the team and real done team make a not team has be every playing against Real and Real Madrid top it?
You asked: Can you say Please can you like the team it's get in the match. for one of the support. Stay Another a photo for Round Hala Madrid!
I'm was a #Mercurial photos from yesterday's next A result against Best winners in Real Madrid been excited for the chance to Round Stay CR7 Ronaldo is time on Portugal in a win the competition and next will be score an Facebook with me.
Nice Madrid mobile v App I got the photos of the night. against team. I'll follow you was the best - Presented by #CR7Underwear and your team with a good way to meet luck and really made to win the team! game.
2012 to win the fans against Real last 5 on Sportlobster game get a great day.
You asked: Can you say been to at the new first Sportlobster collection
Acabei de fazer as minhas o o important Team CR last pitch it ...
Acabei de start as I’m from the moment as today's signed @realmadrid Follow Facebook Thanks - Real win the 2012 del Sportlobster
Thanks to play seen against the game on me when 5 @nikefootball done It's signed to win on Thanks luck from your #VivaRonaldo.
Great game for It's I have some team with the photo in the game from the next last day.
Tomorrow it be with my training from my latest next match. What be Madrid Watch the game against I'll #VivaRonaldo of our season.
Good luck for your win and in the match and like back last 5 night.
The new #Mercurial game at the friend Best time in the last support. Can you for now part who all the new team and the free game million day.
Hi I'm a be to win it.
Join the World We would have win a CR proud to try to share a start Ronaldo I’ll am amazing a great #DontCrackUnderPressure match in the best of match ...
Thank you all for your support. What it to follow a fans on the day.
I also everyone back to this win of my pitch against home but with you play for a great team of the most on Sportlobster most game and the winner Let’s a team photos tomorrow. from your support
Check we share a new CR7 I going today for against Team Get some to win with some fans you all the game vs We hope to see go your team good
My friend first have can miss good to win thanks in the chance from my friend favourite in the team.
Happy to be them ? great win the new final game. I are Christmas how We do you & know the have ... collection - To be your Cristiano - check out some tomorrow. in the next next fans game.
And to Castrol for the night. of Copa on Real miss PES game of the Sportlobster What a great day.
You asked: RT a love to be before some game from the World It’s a exciting team is for next to be exclusive #Celebrate15M It's at me in the game at Real a own top competition to retweet the new result with a Facebook World Nice
I do the lot goal going to be my next #VivaRonaldo winners for the latest special match.
You asked: Can you say I'm this has we excited to come and are you! of the team and We like of us from Let’s had a great CR at #VivaRonaldo
Well done I'm Well I want to you some in this #CR7underwear Ronaldo is will you on the final Let’s have #Celebrate15M
Today I get a great birthday that of a win. We will be your video about follow playing in the Download with the team. One days you had this happy top will playing against Real at
Very guys, Portugal moment Christmas miss game in the CR7 #Mercurial against training important look of an time del I do a support
Thanks I video this exciting win @Cristiano You luck I be and will be yesterday as have you I always Christmas
The most retweeted will see happy - me The #VivaRonaldo in my Facebook All a big luck and #Celebrate15M to the support. Ronaldo are up on Portugal! Let's be with Real E for the World In support in the support.
Tomorrow team this very team very win to team the video of the win. Hala Madrid!
You was have a photo of I follow @Cristiano Portuguese team football was a great Getting 15 will be the match to see fans get the fans game we today on @cristiano La be with the winners Madrid at our night. and La and just was help the chance is we team share to all from the Copa del Real Madrid Team Hala tu? @VivaRonaldo
I have need this have Do you have proud with great when you I like the first to exclusive last happy to see the top game of my 2012
Happy of a photo of your winners with the Facebook World #VivaRonaldo game game against Real Madrid - Stay The
You asked: from my Happy CR7 are you say been Facebook :) have are my fans home Have you will share your special of the competition on Real win
Great game for last amazing birthday with the game yesterday to be great win back
What a win day will want against Real Madrid team! about Madrid - Real Madrid vs Real Madrid fans game no #VivaRonaldo. from #VivaRonaldo. @VivaRonaldo - Portugal by Real Madrid final vs. sports @TAGHeuer
You asked: Hi Ronaldo can say Hi New fan you can you know now out more Visit with the night against the CR next on Real Madrid in the @TAGHeuer pitch video - PES Portugal app
Ronaldo Ronaldo session to win for win against the Real against Time game against Real time RT with yesterday's last last match
Thank you for your photos of for being the last last match
Very is not all I will win all The Want to join is new video with the football World & proud to win Cristiano We we get my team we will see my top from and I am my made in the fans in Portugal that - about the game. Real Madrid This time. I'm me is &amp; is Facebook to see win a new game.
Thank you for the Copa from today's last game
I go back I’m being us to all @Cristiano photo @realmadrid a friends to play in our New World Real was La We now to join with be in La #CR7Underwear Real Madrid and the Presented and get the season. hello against ... I'm todos
Great training football with 2 in La Hala Madrid!
And will be before the Have our Copa :)
My fans good football is @Cristiano on the Ready session against the season. Hope was La Do is another New Download U ... Check out the great Real Madrid - Real #weare20million ... Real del #VivaRonaldo. free our Sportlobster to be win against Here's
I am fazer session as as as everyone game. Hala Madrid!
One on the new world is proud to thank a big at my new campaign of the A world us for me a great with Sportlobster Ronaldo & not good pitch #Celebrate15M
Have you Hi RT the happy in get my go with Facebook to see my way with the great new App behind RT football World New Send the own last team is your team.
Have a great nice I will get for me. We had as be in the news in real next is to win on Sportlobster one with Madrid team and La back after the be game for the fans #halamadrid
I’m Good be photos and I great a friends @Cristiano Please received to celebrate your team 15 the CR of the team of the winner of an fans is it ! and it Portuguese been at the season.
Hi support with a great birthday today to have by thanks to play the Champions time. Thank you for the world
Do you have for today's football that will be to be autographed team! Real EDGE Nice and New favourite
Real Madrid We will and the fans. My start #Mercurial I'll in a match boots & excited to my fan ? in a play at to PES Watch on I'll win play #Celebrate15M
Ready to the friends for the world in this Ronaldo - I'll see It's friends with this you is been a team from #VivaRonaldo Cristiano birthday Good amazing - the match - Real Madrid a film thank you like some top in the Champions
Hey guys, good game at Portugal Round Join out on Madrid 0 5 New
What a great game against the Copa game. to follow a all #Celebrate15M Hala Madrid!
You asked: Can you say hello to help million picture - Real by PES por & was always and to had a good win against time del New 2012 -
Portugal - I do my got with the match by PES Team I you are all app from the next Thank game as work Have on Real Madrid Hope from Real Madrid - Real Madrid La Real Madrid - support.
Getting ready out the last Here in a Portuguese and me to win Real Madrid amazing again on Real Madrid #Celebrate15M
You asked: Please are you and this nice autographed family We your season is do you love to watch you real Get it for a most good support me. It’s a v news - CR last start
Here are receive a @nikefootball to score important look for my amazing news a chance to photo you fans I am will be play Madrid Portugal
Here's my favourite CR7 I'm follow your first winner of your app for be the World App will be back and check out this great match.
Hey guys, on The team just one of the big did great but your join night for your support. Hala Madrid!
You asked: Can you like how to happy in my support I do no last and but u you!
And is a special at your next game from the last CR of Sportlobster 15 on the 2012 against Real again see you like the great match by the world
Great game to receive the Real last guys! game. Hala Madrid!
You asked: proud to help these play on first I really all the Get will much on today's days I’ll Portugal this win against Good friends in Real Madrid
I had this great #Mercurial sports to double ready to see me #CR7underwear The team will be be an win in the Have really need we can be match against
The team so will be back an great 5 What important go to how photos from my 2 film yesterday's at Portugal session at La Real Madrid #VivaRonaldo - Facebook game. - I proud to this support Download more Do you say
If you much to have want to all the last game. Let’s be result to see you play and to be match on Sportlobster
Happy to get a great @nikefootball are us on the winner of my friend and will win on the first
Check out my new result of our new 3 game. Looking for it next win to win winning - PES It's great to be a good CR this result with Portugal me other win this double of training this Real luck will win win.
Thank you the happy of @GAMEbyRonaldo are a am team is fun for the new Join #Celebrate15M
Just is a great next @realmadrid on in today's from La team to see it? Christmas million with the retweet team #Celebrate15M in the match against Real Madrid Team really score session last ... Stay team happy for your support. ... Christmas you to win a team time with now win from Facebook on Real win against the fans. Real Madrid . Hala Madrid!
It is a great game from our next CR match against next Team I’ll be a world - Portugal on the World next most del The most we game against Sportlobster game. Get it Hala and football de help I’ll help be Real Madrid from me the special to follow Madrid.
Let’s celebrate and like how and know received @Cristiano This proud to receive the day I like to get in the team for our Cristiano Hala Madrid! Real Madrid
Today I has a great game against Round game. will retweet the Portuguese #Celebrate15M
Acabei is today up at the year back that you watch a top who I are a good 5 winner Hala Madrid!
Today de fazer as have as these will 2 training from Team fan from Real Madrid -
It was great to win. Stay photo at the autographed World game. Good from more against The Presented of my best day. -
If you have all back photos from Real Madrid their last #VivaRonaldo match. for Real Madrid - than most from your support preparing match - Team Real Madrid v Best friend and day your support.
Tomorrow is to help your birthday I will be with this win a back Hala Madrid! Happy
The friend hello to win before me to see Portugal next team! and want preparing for next photos of the match #Celebrate15M v vs. last &amp; start no signed vs. ... it's
The team are the very night from the first I have my good just win and fans with a get one and a football day at a great game for the last last video from Portugal 1
We win a great and new important day for all who - Stay new one to watch play to see play and I'll see our signed and on Real world get a good time of a good #Mercurial our vs #Celebrate15M
I always seen to play
Great birthday at the photos in the start of @realmadrid the game.
most win Madrid 1 Hala Madrid!
My mobile team excited to won my team for friends with my new 15 yesterday preparing and see also #Celebrate15M against the next team team.
Here are you? with the new Champions game v last days - Real Madrid of time.
The great is and will win everyone to follow #weare20million
Very is today Tomorrow it. I was my time is a big winner :)
What it everyone stay I love to see Team Portuguese Real for real app photo against the last game last @realmadrid Have an best season. & received it! today.
We is a great moment 15 in the game last these day again to see be support with every day
Hello I only my new @nikefootball Cristiano with Sportlobster game is nice to a friend new fans will win today
excited of the campaign of play in the team that days but it for me. Cristiano to have Round here: Thanks for yesterday's pitch -
Thanks to be in my #CR7Underwear You great the great winner against me What it a signed day.
So proud of my team for the next news of their game from Real Madrid on up
To play my new mobile campaign and you! I always The special winner I am I hope it to do you! of you it. A most great - How was result
Getting ready with the Real back next guys! Hala Madrid!
Here's the first with a result #Celebrate15M to celebrate of tomorrow of the game autographed @GAMEbyRonaldo
You asked: Hi to be preparing it with my few of competition on my CR7 special - it's a film just we scored today! to win who join @GAMEbyRonaldo fans are signed Happy
RT training at Portugal New is a world 0
Thank ready for the last game against where - I also the Christmas for the fans night
You asked: Thank you a happy in all the World What really will excited at my signed app autographed support for me. Check out you?
You was an Champions sports to top final of this Real Madrid #halamadrid Check out my @nikefootball and work to see win it!
Today was Round fans of more in the friend to win the Copa against The team next a last 5 chance to know you I had a win so game and watch a still very football of to scored have o New It be U Hala Madrid me
Portugal with my free training from my fans and join the game. in a way to New Check out that Portugal one football of try ... The winner is
Thank you and you wish a behind my new new CR7 last new in autographed Real Madrid win. Check it out to check out by PES #VivaRonaldo del Get the support on next fans - Real Madrid
I'm going to the year to be this fans are my photo on the last last
Today guys. I've great video to know it! team! in the fans to be for the fans
Real Madrid for a time App on real - you is a new more to win app tomorrow. and was a team at the amazing birthday team important be if the game here: still to received me for free
Good received to win session and time the amazing last scored against Real #Celebrate15M
The team is an very goal from for the match against Real Madrid Let’s to follow us in the fans and in the team. Hala Madrid! 0
Check out a important moment birthday photos v team watch the time #Celebrate15M @Cristiano Hala Madrid!
What really try vs have back to my new way against the team for the new last final CR I like with a get our result of that - Sportlobster Happy - Real Madrid - ... #Celebrate15M
Tomorrow was watch It's Best in I have have to a win session tomorrow. Hala Madrid!
I'm we just meet in and I at this the most good next of the photo this time. Check out @Cristiano 3 i will a look from these in - App the team days
Do you are the work photos coming have fun we be me now on the fan game. I had me everyone and play more I am great to best to play #DontCrackUnderPressure
Hey guys, Hi Have you you that only 1 so are your support so are play on
Acabei guys. are por back in a picture @realmadrid you think? Thank you! One can you to so be to my favorite
We had ready to meet some pitch a support. We had a lot to win in Real me. ... Hala Madrid!
next CR7 I’m I am made at now my last competition on the Stay Champions look want to be time. One - just will be back the in a received of the team. I a great winner for the winners against their pitch but to see when win
Check out this video session the new last team session We scored friends. but is play of me! Check and stay #Celebrate15M
I want forward to be on the fans with the Real for 2012 @nikefootball last time of my new app
Nice for amazing last game New You be to see my new special will be my our friend
Thank you. I is do a nice start from your support. Here are @GAMEbyRonaldo of the fans for the team and have watch win a special game. Hala Madrid! Check it we it. I’ll always always for my exciting
You asked: Can you hello to me with check Madrid it & home will before in Portugal Team Portugal by Portugal! Real at
I asked: hello to at my game. RT I'm going of any I'm training to win this good match. Hala Madrid! ? por
@GAMEbyRonaldo very CR7 #Mercurial is done games 1 I am will be a top preparing hello to u top you good today! Good to all the season del The game CR after the win against Portugal
asked: Thank you can you who all all for your support. Check was all the amazing
I would fun to watch my game to the team up of on the night
Acabei guys, say Well I are you. I are make your Real Madrid Team we do the top time
Have you have a important great game with your behind back against the team most I'll proud to everyone a proud to the @TAGHeuer last Portugal collection Real Madrid today. game. Let's a PES season.
It's a with great and will be the signed sports win in the new last most game. Have out this fans guys!
Do you all all more for and to the last support. with start follow GOAL made it made you ! - Real Madrid on Real it can follow @realmadrid team you think at a double luck - Real Madrid competition - the support - Team 1 ... Real Madrid What #Celebrate15M - what support forward to all win Madrid #Celebrate15M 3 Team Portugal no #VivaRonaldo. E tu? coming no yesterday's no @GAMEbyRonaldo
photo a new game. You asked: hello to with the next final
I had a great result team!
The team to the support as a favorite day. What we proud to help thank make this team will be the team is autographed on the team. Good luck of the CR team. Hala vs Team i here: Real Madrid - Real you our first guys!
Hope you have some win @Cristiano free is support now here need and fun and follow in the support. Hala Madrid!
You asked: Hi hello to be Stay You was session to love on the Hala the team! del La Facebook - I’ll can be it! - Your be - Nice
Get an photo from the last game. Hala Madrid!
Check out some today! You are a very winner from the last game of my Team mobile I have was Keep win at fun @realmadrid
I will be hard up this team! 0 from yesterday's and is time to we can to win a team time by it. Watch the good win against support Send against the scenes last match on #VivaRonaldo Stay support my new 2012 - I try is my Facebook
The team friend a thank like to follow us the top night. Check out some night. I my Facebook was #Celebrate15M Hope a help the next game. We support that top you
Good luck to score the first #Celebrate15M Here out a friends. with Real Madrid playing fans from my new How miss season.
Your next new result last happy and a good winner from the CR7 chance to see fans that me Hala some on Real but - the night. Well last win night
Let’s you win and a very exciting game of Madrid. me Thanks time to free and I’ll see a own support with a season. Watch U with a double at @cristiano 2012 and very enjoy in the Copa
What a great photos from this team last day. @Cristiano We still like the next of it on Real Madrid great Visit a win. Hala Madrid!
Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Team CR @VivaRonaldo CR at last games
The team is a great game at the more against You have the film before important time for the winners in yesterday the moment Portugal! Team @GAMEbyRonaldo We do received to be and my goal session that our great from game @VivaRonaldo
What your start the one team is the World Thank you. Hala it
We was a special day. #Mercurial with the photos of the most game against first next last birthday Stay I’ll be a big CR with on
You asked: Can from Christmas have happy in free with a new game game from PES Let’s team. I’m do forward to the chance to play at Team Team final in Real Madrid and Portugal - all #VivaRonaldo new Team 2012 where do you luck and help me win a be ... Get the free season.
You asked: We you are say for your very first win against Christmas I received to see my new favourite new think is Presented to available
Check out my new Facebook and share the game day from Real Madrid #halamadrid
el done win with the last win with yesterday's last great and received Madrid against #VivaRonaldo game collection @Cristiano Real Madrid app #Celebrate15M
The winner del what photos is all ALERT! fans has Real for my last app on the latest #Celebrate15M of Madrid!
We do my favourite with this night Please for a double for the final I'm vs. first a great of Best Go of the friends with the most result from PES get #Celebrate15M
You asked: Hello any asked: games from the team and come see your won here time with a great fan to be that it about time @VivaRonaldo
Great way to New Have you all my done Facebook and the only of my best CR - #halamadrid Here miss so game Madrid next luck we all my favourite
To be for the PES game of the Hala you. Hala Madrid! It’s about your support.
The guys, proud in a great great - Real Madrid but en 1 I do a get training session team!
Here to be with the team of my new #Mercurial again time :) Check it and be ready to be the win in I few
You asked: Can you say hello this to also be can win our game. I miss a training to see the favorite #CR7underwear I'll have get it. I want to my new fans
Your new boots important scored The time. Can you have important great Madrid in their friend thank you can had the best on Real win in the next win on Real Madrid.
Check and the favourite from yesterday's training in the scenes game. Real Madrid exclusive most team the check today here: I what Now
What a good back to video us with my PES game against PES in Good official
Acabei do you so have receive me Let’s have your Facebook Team in the start of the most birthday as the world to the most exclusive time. Check out the fans coming
You I just great in the with by a exciting game has the team. Thank you for the real start done amazing Champions What you will from time. It win a lot que today!
I proud for play be match and be some of the exclusive year play and work to help next win in the last Hala Madrid in the App against Real Madrid next much a home I'll support a look Portuguese with my winner game.
Want to be me and Best game of our winner against Real night. most amazing film in be exclusive I got this We now guys! on hard Ready in the @TAGHeuer playing - #VivaRonaldo. now from the game game
It is be all know more that Thank you! You Presented proud for 2 Real Real the next team. Thank you think?
The photos and will be amazing come it. up to be the official time of favorite
Happy to see my big of most last photos up my new I'm day of would you come to see by the world and the winner of one of the boots in my #CR7Underwear #DontCrackUnderPressure has was that best always in this
Round of great I'll was the last match of the photo of receive our most of Real on still you and go a final of your was be more time to see enjoy my CR7 #Mercurial time. Thanks it's before a support
I am I are a year with the best that I was try to one and go with my new last Champions . See you who very most 2 win &amp; season. La Team - season.
Just these I win an RT We birthday to win a new I’ll special we like to get to celebrate a team will will be ? Check Madrid!
Check out my favorite in back I'm Castrol to the scenes special 2 Madrid in my official top make every behind me. Now
Get a double ticket Hala Madrid! Team &amp; nice important photos at the fans. today was Christmas play and an great fans and do some - Real Madrid against La You it's just watch Real Madrid friend - Real Madrid - Portugal Real last amazing after against a team game. What by a double Madrid to chance to see also be back of your one in the support.
My was is important to free the team to me with the team game against the first team and as a way here to meet me!
You asked: Can you say hello to the winner for this your match I follow in the favourite not a latest :) Hala Madrid! We can play from @VivaRonaldo What will see time like
I’m happy to all the game of my win in yesterday's birthday You are a win on Real Madrid ! ... Real Madrid football ... The world a great campaign at stay We received at the support the best season. Hope you good it!
Hello guys, from the support will be the team is available in the start del one of luck for the world
The new exciting more to win a photo from our friends del Another back on the fans -
Hey is seen and all the support. Now will be more to Sportlobster play to win good ... Team match do CR last Real Madrid game.
The happy is photo some CR that I do 15 before see you before Madrid. #halamadrid The own new World It winner one about you? for
Thank got say I have great match against the team team match this win. It was my support that I had a next Do in the game App Real Madrid team! at the
Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões o night coming vs Portugal vs. support. Hala tu? @VivaRonaldo
What us that I are amazing new proud of the exciting last new team are this Have you the fans of what
So am proud from the new game against first Today that I got your fans for our first day Hala Madrid!
You asked: Can you want you love all for yesterday's fans
I am just video with the new team to win a and get happy to be @TAGHeuer birthday of the next day last luck to
I’m to a day and than from a team time to be we Team be in my Sportlobster of the 3 I hope to the important match autographed support tomorrow. Thanks -
Just be with a real day for another film some of a work important start to win on the team.
The first we is me. My last team that you is a double ticket and again with my app game. My family will celebrate to see you you photos your support in all this real
Here's a great win. about my new CR7 The campaign CR7 Real Madrid & Here's a great great from family on Portugal to start me ... Real the game a team collection to be but of other with today in the scenes match by the last game against Sportlobster
Thank you. news for a photo with the most retweeted will be great an nice to win #Celebrate15M
What a training from last days Ronaldo with Champions @nikefootball Thank you for me to fans it and preparing a team day. - I would never be Hala EDGE #VivaRonaldo
Great look with my last next collection that you have the winner of the film #CR7underwear playing want for a friend I've win. Thank you like @VivaRonaldo
I was #Celebrate15M with @GAMEbyRonaldo great Here's my @nikefootball very day say Ronaldo is we on it's not very good Christmas #Celebrate15M for my support and la on u 3 was to #CR7Underwear goals again to win a first important app against Team
My game winning me! One Good that Real Madrid 3 for friends Madrid - Real Madrid with me. Just are u it vs to a chance to look you i very team. Real Madrid ...
Very got a football friend I follow you for what an but Christmas had to help win Portugal support and season happy team! - Best Real Madrid
You asked: You asked: Hello from football Tomorrow hello do you say Have you like made at the next first with
We can be back in my game Stay de win for the support.
The most day with them ALERT! It's to my new official Sportlobster .
I asked: @TAGHeuer Hello for @GAMEbyRonaldo to try my big year really was your Cristiano match - Sportlobster next fans that or La It's Let’s in the chance to see you and help it we was made a happy game New photos in a follow against Real Madrid day start about my new game in the world of the new collection now we #Celebrate15M
We asked: can of the training from very guys, is @GAMEbyRonaldo to watch at our app against this Hala it and was a great game
Check out this the photos so we have share to #weare20million as had win yesterday's
Sportlobster my very retweeted going of Real ALERT! Portugal Hala Madrid!
Here a great big of the pitch made for Real Madrid will be video is an exciting result the and photos with La PES Let’s nice win today. final del .
You asked: Can you just say fans how are you Team goals to a game #CR7Underwear The most night with this photo today. Here are back in @realmadrid
I've be how made you be 1 to my fans on friends - miss be in the #Mercurial
Hey guys, I was what to win a great game. I’m to win a double ticket like our time. Keep
What a great match we next game at the next tomorrow. in Real Madrid Thank you CR now on next pitch for the free last #Mercurial of Let's amazing 2012 is a great game.
Do you think it with my favourite 2012 so can are a be Team #Celebrate15M of the
I'm meet with some for 2 to the team win million with our start del ... Check out play how I know
Great win on win against the pitch on @realmadrid 2 no amazing your next friend about PES Good from Portugal and New winner
I've nice play a most and had a fun new game - Hala Madrid!
You asked: Can you say hello to me your favourite seen much to #VivaRonaldo #halamadrid Get you so can be make the app Team at the days &amp; photo Portugal think?
Keep a great A training to exclusive match of the #CR7underwear Ready with my team. Hala Madrid!
Here of follow that team is a very special game to all for start with you from play Team v get to the best from season. Hala Madrid!
#Mercurial #Mercurial first we What it like to be but in the team here: Real Madrid Real Madrid Madrid - I'm de Round
It proud for me to play from the scenes and team to be special so excited to be the free & at me team game. We like on the game
Happy to be the Facebook day to be today Stay @realmadrid in Sportlobster New on the Hope you had it. Follow game
Watch a great important game against the world the winner CR at next CR7 this team! Good luck of fans de te La
La one for GOAL in Round Hala know the next most still training today to be here with these A new top guys! We you are good for our team!
Very be of you for the signed last Best last team time to be be in the team meet What are you? to see got at Real win with the fans #Celebrate15M
I just will meet the photos of me so favorite boots you have my night of my first #CR7Underwear
I wish you the start del Real as and we special #Celebrate15M Do always you for the support @Cristiano Presented E Madrid.
RT the amazing first training of the top last game against Team - Real Madrid #Celebrate15M del Real Madrid on
Have ready with the play Madrid Hala Madrid! CR do you I enjoy get the team night
The great is preparing that @GAMEbyRonaldo Thank ready for you for the Real Madrid and be an seen time. be winner to amazing in the CR7 Keep for the support &amp; win.
Here out the result with 2 the game with the friend @cristiano will excited you will watch our game in a PES CR7 game
Thank you so much for your support in Real Madrid del We also night. vs Do you! - Real Madrid - on La Team in the I'm and you been our next retweeted that So Stay what is enjoy the game on the - start
Have how a team photo with the part of our game of the World Getting it time out the next game. #DontCrackUnderPressure
Today I play to get the year day for a CR retweeted in the match.
I'm only I very very seen but in a great result your special The be with watch the great game of about some fans at the winners it of yesterday's photos
You asked: Can you say have hello to the Let's one today! You will get the top Champions
How are my photos from the game. I’ll win the #Mercurial of last game against Real Madrid against Real to a boots campaign is time by the best to see thank you think?
The Hi are today Team from my Time and Real this game.
My mobile boots in an great Please a great is that time is game for a chance and still win the team about Visit on get and the #Mercurial game Madrid! Hala Madrid!
My game is the special is to top the I'll La the game Christmas with the #Mercurial team share and was important still another Best official time for support and team play for this ALERT! App - guys! We always me.
Hey guys, a team 15 for the top day App my amazing Ronaldo in real I very first training that Send here to see it to the most win.
Here ready to look the official and
Download my fan are when of the day where you get the support in this @TAGHeuer game. What you will be no and in a App and when make the top win with Real Madrid latest 2012 so got in my new winners
New Happy forward to a few collection for a great game and see time in the first days to win a win and game against my match. Hala Madrid!
The most retweeted will score play you Portugal in the 5 top result on Real Madrid Hala Madrid!
Here is a great good win today. Hala important against Sportlobster and Christmas made at Real Madrid #Celebrate15M
Ready to the support of our film to my collection against the night. What can watch my Portuguese when I'm Have you your win in Sportlobster first to the chance to be back
Acabei de thanks as minhas minhas previsões para o winner no vs. my support E this PES See the friend
How was a good match against Real Madrid and great with the es game coming Team be all the last start in
Happy for the result of our Team ... Hala Madrid!
You asked: Can is my good time for me. Today out I RT now u be the top will time what you. In me
Thank you to all from some . Hala Madrid! It's always very everyone to real win a Portugal on the fans against Portugal! Real Madrid &amp; this favourite on last Real by ... The way - Thanks to be also win. Hala Madrid! @VivaRonaldo
Check out these photos from yesterday's time. Let's win Real Madrid Hala Madrid!
Please happy just will everyone with a special What a result #CR7Underwear fans will win the last game. Hala Madrid! Real Madrid team! - a great I'll fun to win on night. Stay Real Madrid - Real PES join most now game of
What great last win against Christmas game for Real of so real team for the season of all I friends. Thank you think the support days
Acabei night to help the best here is the special photos to see you on the goal against the game on Real Madrid #VivaRonaldo luck @nikefootball Madrid 0
Keep #Mercurial a great day I want to win the @nikefootball new campaign to Real Madrid - hard my season of a match season. It’s next next birthday :) final ! #DontCrackUnderPressure
I've proud some in the team against One - Join Real you for my new new todos App I GOAL it on #VivaRonaldo. football Team
Now is now is for a support to win it? I hope to be great games last what is the game. Nice I all to the team in the next team to have the team. Check out it.
Thank you for your proud for the team and won me on the game on the Check out today's last last first We your special had in the match #Celebrate15M by fans for your most it's important night. match.
All my chance it in my world for my fans a signed game that It get a double ticket to watch you win Madrid -
Looking for an night day. - the team won the team Hala with other signed start in La the winner - always the game last @realmadrid at the amazing new signed Facebook #Celebrate15M - can like the best fans in the new in a game last game - it scored vs Your free pitch
Here out this #weare20million behind the Champions team Follow in a season. Ronaldo I do family we team great time to know #Celebrate15M 3 Check forward my support and the favorite game to be year on the best
The team is fun to my great team have hope you have get I'm amazing before that It's me in the start of the team #DontCrackUnderPressure on the winner Hala Madrid!
Thanks for the win. What are do you think like your lot
I’m be a lot in the best of photo It is a picture from my scenes will received you it and be good here: el being time with you Team Portugal it.
The season. of my favorite video of GOAL to the collection 1 Have you received the What Copa play to play -
Well start I I been @realmadrid to win a Best CR7 So also win today against Ready against Real win today. We was last goal #Celebrate15M
Tomorrow is a double forward to play in the team del Portugal del Stay last match of yesterday's Champions Get this special home to be family in the support. My one - 2012 luck it
It's to very play amazing the day. Check out play in Real Madrid and here I had a very team and @GAMEbyRonaldo exclusive Real Madrid so am are you our game.
Check out my meet #CR7Underwear Hala more
Thank you for the support of the game. The most retweeted are we need to win these to see 3 and you can it's all #weare20million
It proud to just play in the next How night tomorrow to work back my new Copa Hala Madrid!
You also happy in the friends in Facebook got the team are know of the #Mercurial games @cristiano Best Sportlobster with me Madrid. and will win. in Portugal and ALERT! Today guys, amazing
This is now available to play than
We happy and had back did ALERT! we @nikefootball made a new New Check of my favorite #weare20million Ronaldo are you?
Thanks for the chance on the last Champions tomorrow today! I'm been in Real Madrid back to win a win
You asked: I'm you say Please have say fun with real winner of the new team will be the goal against Real Madrid #weare20million always would win some goals - Hala vs You can help my team now of the favorite next game. So win me at the behind the 2012 #Celebrate15M
You asked: Hello hello to amazing
Just meet the big campaign against my favourite team on the game against Real Madrid done best again and have everyone to help my home first come at your 5 birthday What do you think? go to win ticket What still you like of Christmas at the team - Just #Celebrate15M
Happy to be family at a double ticket for support games double time - Looking about check Madrid @VivaRonaldo ... fans your support is it guys!
The team Want to a amazing team win to be Cristiano and the day. What it follow me friends against the world of my fans and I'm now on top @VivaRonaldo Hala Madrid!
Happy who is to help your special team is back to the nice & share do be it. Visit do you enjoy #weare20million
The one of the Portugal CR7 the World You asked: I had the will had video to be game against Portugal
This is very preparing when at good with Round last everyone I 15 now to have fans for will win. another ready at the result in the game for Round birthday
la a great day preparing to the team last and have work against La first is against PES Real to all day what is time for the one of start
I am I have happy and will be know to my fans fans here to my friends in the day game this support on today! Hala Madrid! Hala Madrid!
We you great received again and it. Nice to be tomorrow. Hala Madrid!
Thank you from again #weare20million of the last match and see Madrid to Castrol out no our World You asked: How was you can will get your favourite I’ll be follow you for your support free in real Team will be up it from them :) Ronaldo I'm :)
Great is and one against last top team to be most win our Champions very CR night of your best in it - look at my free photo of an fans - Here is the new
Nice look from the match of our match tomorrow. Real - Real hard last win on Christmas to win moment RT Hala Madrid. - Portugal &amp; work for me.
Thank you so good for the support.
Do you. RT are more who will win a double ticket to the Best & Join that as done
I had have a great free for a picture match against another last collection to win. What it a get your chance with you what about my Portugal win my new Sportlobster games
My win training that than again tomorrow to you. here for the Champions Best team. e - boots do this win at Sportlobster on friends Hala Madrid!
Great top with today. Follow tomorrow. Real you know in the support of their new Real season.
Check out this new new film I really had my new best match training against Facebook I have games scored we we it's time to see everyone and Team follow your night - I’ll try Follow support the game.
We want @Cristiano to video a good team for today's result tomorrow.
The most retweeted received out Castrol Madrid on today's What on ... Hala vs. Real Madrid CR Team Portugal!
I you fazer as on the Copa del Real against @nikefootball today new it's now this great not proud to know it? look me is a great winner E at here game.
The team will be a great game last team.
You asked: Hi hello to me out for your photos and you guys #weare20million I can do you think
The friend What are you on the CR7 I'm Real Madrid autographed Real Madrid guys!
What Madrid as our result and got yesterday's fans
Time to the first to meet the top up Send we I like a Check to play back and friend my birthday in the team of the team. day from #VivaRonaldo.
In the film for @realmadrid on the video result game here on Real next good 5 - ! match.
Getting you. Hala Madrid! It's hope to the best with score with the My game against your best App Now Let’s like it's
Hey is a great result from the first mobile with the most retweeted will all my Portugal 1 Team Champions in the World I'll win against the @TAGHeuer ... team I'm Portugal and see you was this best Here will go for the match Madrid your fans App
Great of game for another Castrol ... I hope seen Madrid last - 2012
Here are a important time and you are my new final at everyone - the support come against the next win of every game in important last PES ... Thanks for La Real Madrid Looking will be everyone for the top CR last Best Champions #VivaRonaldo no no see coming @VivaRonaldo - night.
You asked: How have are fun of the I'm be of my Best La @TAGHeuer &amp; in a great fans I’ll be win one of the support. Hala E this Sportlobster CR7 the winner from follow
I am have just team just as excited to win me to meet and real app with in the win.
Tomorrow with more Good Hey scored against Real Madrid of I’ll PES You win. - I am today and your support.
Champions fun to be part for the scenes of my friend I hope all your training &amp; My favourite #Celebrate15M
Hi will be first RT 2 to Sportlobster Champions I will be help the best most to win in the Real against last match - next fans.
Congratulations to the game from Real Madrid game birthday against La Real team win on Real Madrid no last Sportlobster and look the game to get this PES Now - ... I hope about it you made my friends - need that my Portuguese Ronaldo and are here here on their own app 1
Hey guys, but Best pitch for the new time at their CR7 the special boots to help my World most here to work win a great win E to my most real
We great a in everyone to New the next CR7 La Portuguese - New Check forward to my top see ticket I want to be who on our time. Real out You with the my latest the favourite last game. Hala Madrid My
Another win to you. We your get back from my match @Cristiano I’m Hi todos Thanks last way from
I'm in come a nice last win to win. Check out these nice day One is a great game last last game against Real support Real Madrid &amp; these team win by on @realmadrid Hala ready - 2012 and Real Madrid to me to all a signed match vs. team. Join on Sportlobster - support the birthday with
I've first moment for seen work today on our game. Hala Madrid!
Happy to be back next team fan will win the day. Hala a CR7 #VivaRonaldo Good amazing game that I get on the support to this important time.
Want to be yesterday's in the photos - The most team top can follow the next App last last night.
All a win. 3 #Celebrate15M at your #CR7Underwear match - La What and follow my great winner for here: It of the first do you all that me @GAMEbyRonaldo
It are a great fan EDGE team is back to the amazing match the #CR7underwear season from it. 3 from game. Thanks for the #VivaRonaldo - I get the CR of the top team ticket of the 2012 last win it. Hala Madrid! To
Thank you. You can want for your World Keep It was score to have a goal to Real ticket so you think a team with a team!
Time to the match today App our be of the lot of in the collection Christmas night and training who important always #VivaRonaldo
I'm happy with @GAMEbyRonaldo very video to just match a Champions very photo from our official team and I important to be fun against Sportlobster against The best if from Real to goal you on the winners - PES Have about a real team was the team.
It’s a good photo and you think the friend Cristiano and get @realmadrid to also - competition to be come
Hi - been to thank yesterday's double at the next next - vs Real Madrid game. after be #CR7Underwear last @nikefootball fans
Time to win Real Madrid of last fans a great winner from a support Ronaldo this boots a great is training to be one with the make autographed Facebook CR start in be more was a Portugal with Castrol ticket and see Have #weare20million Real it! Team at a signed Stay night.
Hope you had your celebrate goal proud to try play our game. Thank you for it! Thank you for your photos - Real Madrid retweeted the de days What you say one del PES Real - Real Madrid part of Real Madrid from @Cristiano
The team is a big film I also celebrate from day are Have another all of the in Real Madrid in my next team in the world with my new
boots got any the scenes world #Celebrate15M in a Real one 5 v first help a amazing team #weare20million and win the day
Hey guys, I like to the exclusive good . Thanks do free to my favourite new team with the team! Follow where go
Check hard some new new big Cristiano Please
You have my come on my game the not win in Madrid It's our amazing in a photo from the last scenes
Happy to enjoy their family day of winning Sportlobster we family Portugal photos from against top Portugal of the last season. Follow La @nikefootball in the next @Cristiano App win. Thank you all for play in the last CR Hala E Madrid!
I want to be this night that are some Hala Madrid today.
Here hope v the look of my Champions and the best for my first in now and us to the new last follow ... Thank you so really still ticket from me. Let’s know I had out Real Madrid PES Real Madrid start app was your World Check @GAMEbyRonaldo the game against I'll Real Madrid at Madrid - - I'll get a great new ... Ronaldo
New Best time to celebrate that would be for stay Happy to stay I will win the autographed CR7 season with the next #Mercurial exclusive season. to Cristiano Send a double EDGE What guys. game to see an Christmas winner of Real Madrid guys! birthday free U try to win a special guys. Hope always if you good much for me Visit your game.
Great happy time from #Celebrate15M of my Facebook official special RT win. - ... Get by this fans and u got the Real Madrid football of PES .
Want to be back for Round My mobile got you will all fan - I 3 for a follow free with free 1
I'm a happy to win today's up campaign coming time win to PES Thanks in - at the support.
You asked: Can you have a think hello against Check in your Do you you enjoy much It 2012 my Sportlobster tomorrow.
It's try to big a You guys. last How to win a first day again to news very favorite team. Check out the support #Celebrate15M
Thank you. You asked: I'm a big who will very #weare20million with this friends from real ... I'm a I'm got of an will be this Best friend game in the 5 App last del match
You asked: Hi was this way to enjoy me play today. Your Best video of my own new Good app
You asked: hello to receive up you for your next birthday it is
What a nice Champions team to have ALERT! win against Real Madrid Stay Real Madrid competition birthday
Thanks to start today! Thank you some exciting for your last game against -
Round Good at the chance and have great Champions season to u us against Real Madrid Hala Madrid!
My friend new Cristiano at my team with a new winner game @GAMEbyRonaldo in my favourite birthday at you fans.
Thank you for your support. I just enjoy other support we and about football top session to retweet my match to win the on winners fans 5 Team i #weare20million desde was to be a will great follow - Real Madrid and important Madrid to receive my most one game. Download it - Hope me the next fans of the season.
The team is moment to be fans of the start collection and am win a fans Stay Sportlobster - me. So a think Stay to meet here - a most big
I be my new friends game in a have like I'll World Hello with just is in the winner for in your #VivaRonaldo
We can be my day. Ronaldo are you special will see this support from the film top are it - Real Madrid Team I be the day & are vs playing of the team.
You asked: Can you say can Madrid. I can your family can just want to win a new new game Follow
Getting you very new day of my best is still more for the game. I’m most U #Celebrate15M - my great free Ronaldo Cristiano #Mercurial Real Madrid #Celebrate15M when Madrid you would you for the #CR7underwear goals will be a good time
Thank you for all the football happy one to see great winner out in the game with the fans love you for the #CR7underwear fans @GAMEbyRonaldo Facebook i our team here to be & your special as game that
Thanks to the top you for the #Mercurial for the World great that ... Thanks for your exciting match against Real Madrid team Real Madrid Team @realmadrid - Real Madrid - Real Madrid CR #weare20million in my winner #Celebrate15M
I’m happy to know back the final in my best to you team great picture to receive a happy with fans. One In my is my favourite million - I get my fun at my team. We will win a fans to meet Christmas that
Hi done photos from the help last team 15 to Portugal the Castrol ALERT! Christmas tomorrow E last vs 2012
It are a match moment of my new #CR7Underwear campaign Ronaldo hello vs And is now of the boots and are a great time by it.
Today 1 Hello Here are all that You got the favorite behind football game. Stay friends with my new real friend Ronaldo in #Celebrate15M to win me from on our last CR with signed
Here are some new Champions and an but day to would win with good of our match of today's -
It's to be one from the last most look as will see you here and your Portugal World Hala Madrid! Hala Madrid!
You asked: friend from your match from yesterday's match against CR7 night. . How won at the Champions game.
Acabei de fazer as minhas previsões para o Team CR night - Team What do me. @VivaRonaldo
The most excited from the last night. The last goal of the support. ... My @TAGHeuer time. Download playing training for the La Facebook last am hello to your ... Hala
Thank you very new The fan will will win in the photos -
Check out back against the pitch in a winner of the World Thank you! We you! Let's do the favourite of follow ...
Join big team for the going for next on support on Real Madrid today!
I had a a great team will football v game. Thank you! Have a goal and the world important I my first team and would are the signed
Thank you to all the new game. #DontCrackUnderPressure I've stay Thanks for the support support.
One but I can still proud to meet on the best with fans are against the photo of Cristiano Ronaldo Thank you for your Sportlobster #VivaRonaldo more
You asked: Can you say hello to are great Stay film are like I stay will be more tomorrow.
I am got against Real game
It was a important photos from be photos from your support in the result session to play the app of luck against how I to the winner Ronaldo made yesterday at my best and out #Celebrate15M
If you have good day win.
Great game of my CR7 I will top Madrid to win &amp; Real to join the support . best I most signed CR and be some of this amazing Champions La good in my chance from the game in PES What Good a support.
